And then, it's okay that the speaker is the
edu and I'm with one more update
here on the secondary channel
I wanted to tell you a little bit that
oh my midi adapter came to hit
rock band 3 what it does is to allow
You play rock band on the subject one
Normal drum connecting a
normal battery pack module in the
adapter and you can play rock
band that adapt pain that is pretty cool
lack only battery rang still bring hope
to get something else soon I have
used my iphone now to shoot
when I drove the well-adapted buggy
cool that he gets stuck in the air
he can get me
to film I put myself to my left
behind the wheel and shoot me like that
managed to capture the footage of the car
with good microphone audio of the
iphone and with an image of mine and beyond
put it on the dashboard and there the
movie that is happening in front of
soon will have a video demonstrating the
city ​​was cool this video I hope
You trust me, many people.
asking my silver xbox what is it
the silver xbox is a special version of the
king on the grid is not a different type case
you customize is not a version
Special model revealed hit type
these limited versions that appear
This is one of those cool xbox mas
it's no big deal either, we do not
You'll miss it for anyone.
and one more thing is coming out a video that
I recorded with a friend of mine telling me about
that is r ks
I'm going to promote your main channel
as the video you are about to leave or go
leave while I'm recording this video
I'll take advantage to spread the word I wanted to
thank all who have accompanied
leave suggestions there in the comments
what you want to see so much in this
channel on the main channel to
pick up some ideas and very personal
Thank you for the support of all.
forget to click on the taste of mine
Favorites to help me with the release
What is it, folks said?